fix: state the fixed version about the native pointers on android (#2535)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/android/usage/advanced-usage.mdx

Apart from this, `sentry-native` also uses [tagged pointers](https://source.android.com/devices/tech/debug/tagged-pointers)
internally, and will therefore not work out of the box on newer Android devices which have their own conflicting pointer tagging.

> To prevent this, disable the [`allowNativeHeapPointerTagging`](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/manifest/application-element#allowNativeHeapPointerTagging) configuration option, you only need to do that if you are using `sentry-android` <= 3.0, `sentry-android` >= 3.1 already fixed it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent this, disable the [`allowNativeHeapPointerTagging`](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/manifest/application-element#allowNativeHeapPointerTagging) configuration option. You only need to do that if you are using `sentry-android` < 3.1, as this is fixed in `sentry-android` >= 3.1.
```

> To prevent this, disable the [`allowNativeHeapPointerTagging`](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/manifest/application-element#allowNativeHeapPointerTagging) configuration option. You only need to do that if you are using `sentry-android` < 3.1, as this is fixed in `sentry-android` >= 3.1.

Reviewer 2: `l`: Maybe we can change the wording a bit to make it clearer:
```suggestion
 If you are using `sentry-android` < 3.1 you have to disable the [`allowNativeHeapPointerTagging`](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/manifest/application-element#allowNativeHeapPointerTagging) configuration option manually, because `sentry-native` uses [tagged pointers](https://source.android.com/devices/tech/debug/tagged-pointers)
internally and will therefore not work out of the box on newer Android devices that have their own conflicting pointer tagging. This is fixed in `sentry-android` >= 3.1.
```

Reviewer 3: I agree that more detail makes it more clear. Suggest:
```suggestion
If you are using `sentry-android` version earlier than 3.1, you must manually disable the [`allowNativeHeapPointerTagging`](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/manifest/application-element#allowNativeHeapPointerTagging) configuration option because `sentry-native` uses [tagged pointers](https://source.android.com/devices/tech/debug/tagged-pointers)
internally. As a result, this option will not work out of the box on newer Android devices that have their own conflicting pointer tagging. This is fixed in `sentry-android` versions 3.1 and above.
```

Author: thanks @philipphofmann and @PeloWriter :)
